Pivot / Orion Demo: Operations - November 15
VIEW RECORDING - 91 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/calls/181988371

---

0:00 - Marcus Dallacqua
  just because I know how much we have to cover. We do have a lot. Yeah.

0:03 - Sandra Rudloff (Pivot Interiors)
  Thank you everybody for joining us.

0:05 - Marcus Dallacqua
  Today we're going to be creating operations and we like to refer to this as the Joe Show. Joe is going to be walking us through the operation suite inside of Orion.  So without further ado, Joe, we pass it to you.

0:18 - Ken Baugh (Pivot Interiors)
  Now let's do it.

0:20 - Marcus Dallacqua
  I wish there was screen.

0:27 - Joe Keller
  Yeah, buddy and Charlie valued coworkers and really very, very good members of the team, know, they're good for bouncing ideas off us.

0:39 - Marcus Dallacqua
  It's in your career. So just a little background on the operations suite.

0:47 - Joe Keller
  you guys are probably aware, you know, I've done work with different dealers for some years now. a lot of it is focused more on the operation side of the business.  And so, you know, A big part of my involvement with Orion was to take the concepts, you know, proven functionality that's working for dealers, been refined over the years, and added to, and put it into Orion as an integrated part of the whole.  As you know, many dealers are using a variety of different systems for different things with all of the redundant data entry and managing all the different systems and logins, not to mention cost, and so we want to try to bring everything into Orion that you could possibly ever need for operations.  Now I wouldn't say we're there yet, but that's where we want to go, and we've made pretty good progress so far.  So without any more intro words, we're going to talk, first of all, about work orders, and the concept of work orders in Orion is certainly similar to...  you know, the other furniture specific ERP packages out there. The work order is what handles actually delivering, installing, doing the actual work.  And typically, the process we recommend is that if you recall from our previous sessions that when you have finalized a purchase order entered all of the acknowledgement shift dates that you expect to get, that is when we recommend you start to think about scheduling the actual work.  You now have an idea of when the product shipping, you also have an idea of when it's actually expected to be received, we'll get into that later.  And so it's now the right time to get this, know, sort of soft schedule on the calendar so that your schedule or dispatcher, whoever is responsible for that, can start to assemble their, you know, their day, their week, their month.  And not to wait for the product to actually be to seek before you start to think about how to get it to the customer, better to start early.  So we give you some help there. One is a dashboard of orders that need work orders. So if I'm a member of an order team, say a customer support person, project coordinator, or project manager, whatever you call that role, I will have a dashboard of the orders that I'm that are ready for work orders, but don't yet have that.  And I can work from that gosh, like of course, if any time you can also just go to a sales order and there's a tab there called work orders.  So on a sales order in Orion, we've added this tab so you can see any work orders that have already been created for that sales order.  You can see I made one on this sample, you know, order. And you can have as many work orders as you want or need on an order.  It's not uncommon to have work orders for a face. one, phase two, phase three. It's also not uncommon to have different work order types, like delivery and installation, or service, or punch, or whatever the case may be.  we'll show you how you can make your own work order types and subtypes and so forth as we go forward.  But before, I'm going to go ahead and just start a new work order on this order. And so I click that button and it will love the screen.  And here's what we got, new work order. If you had a name on the order, if you had given the order, you know, a special name, which would not be my order name, it would be something like first floor or phase one or whatever the case may be.  But if you gave the order name, the work order name inherits that when you create it, you can change it.  We could change this to phase one install if we wanted to, for example. So you don't always have to enter the name, it depends on if you're happy with the order name.  You can add files. So if we want to upload, know, floor plans, drawings, kind of specification, we can do so by doing that now, but you can upload, you know, as many files as you want.  It will inherit the installation address from the files order, of course. You can also add additional addresses. So if, for example, this was a job where we had to go to, you know, one place and pick up some things.  Maybe it was a moves work order. So we got to place one, loads and things up and go to place two.  can add additional addresses to the order. So let's pretend we're doing such a thing. Now we have two addresses and you can kind of arrow, you know, right and left through them.  You can also add contacts if you bother to put a contact on that particular order. It would show up here automatically, but then we can also just choose one, and again, you could have multiple contacts as well.  Then Scope of Work, this is where you would put in any Scope Note, and we'll probably give you a way to put that earlier in the process and have it inherit like the other things do.  But as of now, I would just put in, you know, Scope of Work here. Now, I'm coming to have some notes in there about what they're supposed to be doing, kind of high level.  We'll see in a minute that with the requirements engine, you don't have to specify a thousand things in your note, because they're going to be their own fields on the screen.  And then you choose Lines. So this will show me the lines that are on the sales order, and I can simply pick the ones that I want to be on this work order, if I am full, because you don't have to put all the lines on one work order.  might be a phase shot, and so forth. You pick which lines. Let's go on the order. Although you can click here if you do want all.  So the simple case is still very simple and easy. And we have a problem. Yeah. I am sorry, guys.  think I may have broken the pin. I don't know why. There's nothing wrong with that. What does this always happen?  Sorry. I was making some fixes and improvements earlier, and I may have screwed something up there. It only happens during demos, Joe.  Yeah.

7:39 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  All right. Well, okay. I'm just going to lift up a slide because it works.

7:46 - Joe Keller
  I have been for the cash insurance and things. Go back real quick. I won't bother re-adding the contact with the other addresses since we've already seen that.  One of the things- You have to do the respective work order type. You can see a drop down list of work order types here.  Standard, service, walls, mock up, residential, internal. We didn't decide all this for you. We have an actual place in the admin.  won't go into great detail, but you can add your own work order types and your own work order event types, which we'll be getting to in a second.  A work order can have multiple events of different types. So you might have delivery only for the truck. Those there one night, drop everything off.  And then you might have three days of installation. And then you might have a day of clean up, trash, removal, product.  But these are pretty robust. can decide a whole bunch of things about these work order types. can have them default based on the order type.  You can only allow them on certain other types. It's very, very robust. And I'm not going to bore you with that right now.  But you have complete control over your work order. types, and the corresponding event types. So, of that's the last thing we need here.  We know the lines, we have the overall information, now we have to add at least one worker event. This is where we get into the dates and the scheduling and so forth.  So, pick an event type, I'm going to call it delivery and installation, but this is where you could do, you know, three install meetings, post install walkthrough, a site verification worker, customer pick up worker, service, punch, get the idea, shipping only, sometimes you get a project in and you just have to ship it somewhere.  Again, you get to define all these, but, you know, we, we deploy a pretty robust set of these types for you, and then you easily change, deactivate, add new ones.  same goes on. You can give this event its own name if you want, but that is option. If you don't give the event a name, then what you'll see is the actual work order game.  Compromation type, this is all about who, if at all, is responsible to confirm this work order with the customer.  Now, some work orders just don't need that, like shipping only, for example, you don't need to confirm with anyone.  You can have the schedule, you do that, or you can have the order team do that. And in the past, I'm not sure if your process or even how you might want to modify your process with Orion, but it's not always just one or the other.  For example, a catalyst, who I worked with for quite a while, sometimes for the bigger jobs, more PM-driven jobs, they want the order team to be in charge of confirming what the customer calls to the customer.  They know what dates the customer wants, but for smaller jobs, dropping off a couple of chairs. They will often say, no, we'll just let this guy do that.  So you pick a confirmation type, we'll just say none on this guy, estimated resources and hours budget. These are optional fields.  In fact, we'll show you that the labor quotes actually can replace these or fill them in automatically if you choose a labor quote.  And again, to that note, also, optionals that maybe you want to describe exactly what's supposed to in this particular event as opposed to the overall work order.  But, you know, we try to minimize the required fields because while some jobs can be very complex and you want to support that complexity, you don't want to make some things complex.  So you can just skip a lot of things if you don't need them for a simple job. You try very hard to do that.  And now the scheduling section, you need a date. And when the order team is creating one of these, and that's kind of an important concept.  We don't have the order team and Orion reach out to the scheduler dispatcher and say, what's a good day for this job?  We don't have all that back and forth chatter, emails and phone calls. The order team simply creates the work order and it lands as a unapproved soft scheduled work order on the scheduler's quote unquote desk.  And that eliminates a lot of that back and forth. The scheduler of course has the final say when that happens, but it's much easier to just kind of propose and then let the scheduler dispose instead of having to figure out in advance what date it should be.  So I'll go ahead and put it on doing a lot this week, first week in January, so that they don't fall off our calendar so quickly, that's the problem with demos.  And then you can. Schedule type. And these, again, are, you know, we can, we can, you don't necessarily have to have all these, but these are a pretty good set.  Anytime means that the customer doesn't really care what time this job happens. And that's obviously your favorite if you have that flexibility.  You can also say first off, or last off, because sometimes maybe you've got a lot of stuff on the truck that you want to give off, or you need an empty truck to pick things up.  So you can also do morning, afternoon, night, or, of course, when you have to, you can put in a specific time, like 7.30 a.m.  know, it's also optional, just a brief little, you know, today we're working on the east side of the bill, or whatever the case may be.  And then notice this little guy over here, a little green one. When we get to the scheduler's interface, you will see that for a given location,  The scheduler can kind of set sort of a fullness meter for that day. And it goes from one to five.  One being green means not very full at all. Five is red, and it means please don't put any more jobs on this day.  So this is another kind of communication. The order team can see how busy operations is on the day that they're asking for.  And if the customer is okay with it, if it's not time critical, and this stage has come up as a four or a five, it could look at another day.  And maybe get a one or two. You can also add more days. So if I just put this all the time, it will add additional days.  All of them will be one day later, but retain anything we've injured above. Or I can click this kind of both day scheduler.  And I can say, okay, I put the first date on January. It already knows that I might want my next day to be on the 8th, although I can change that.  And let's say we want three more days. And you can choose if you want to include Saturdays, Sundays, or holidays.  We'll add those. And so now I've got a four-day job, Tuesday through Friday. I can add tasks as well.  And this is kind of new on the right. I did not do this in my old software for dealers like Catalyst.  These added tasks to work order events. Based on feedback we got from dealers talking about their use of plane grid.  And there are a number of things they like about plane grid back to the theme of. We would like to have all the best features in one place.  One of the things they liked about it was the ability to add detailed tasks to their plane grid jobs.  And what I heard from them was, this is especially useful when a PM is a complex remote job to be able to actually task the sub-contractor with specific things on specific days.  So we said, well, we can do that, and that suite has great task support, there's no reason we can't let you tie them to work order events.  So you can go in and create tasks on the event if you want to. And you guys remember, I think, hopefully, when we went through the labor quoting process, how we had the requirements engine plugged into that with all of these different things that you can create or manage and specify.  These are where people have to say what this job actually needs. And that's why they don't have to type a huge amount of text in the order scope note, because a lot of the details are going to be right here.  You have to know if we need these things, and we are not bringing back existing products. you know, or not removing, bringing product back to the warehouse, and maybe we are, maybe we are going to bring something back.  So I'll put in four existing extensions for long-term storage. Okay, well now we know we need that. You can check as many of these as you want, and again, not going to spend a lot of time on this, but you have, you know, complete control over all these guys and what they are tied to, like a work order event, and how they're categorized.  We'll go through all this during implementation and help you set it up, and we do ship with quite a few already.  But again, that's completely configurable. You don't have to call us if you want to change something or add something or remove something, and you can just do it.  I'll set a few more of these just for fun. Say we do want status reports from them every day.  an hourly job. It's not going to be union. Notice this one here in nanotech badge. That's because our customer is nanotech, so that particular requirement only appears even on screen at all for a nanotech order and the thoughts to check.  That's one of the things you can do with the requirements engine is you can do sort of overrides based on the customer order type or other things that you don't see nanotech badge on any other customer's orders only on nanotech and that helps keep the screen from being littered with things that don't apply and I think we covered this in labor quoting too.  You know, if we have any saved site conditions for this site, they automatically copy and we just happen to.  So you don't have to fill those out. We already know that, but you could change it. If for example, their freight elevator was temporarily broken and you knew that, then you could change it to enough.  You don't have to. You can also add lines to mid-end. So if you have a giant work order with 800 lines If you want this event to only deal with 100 of those then you can choose lines from the lines on the work order and say today just do these When you want to again, we don't force you to do anything complex So I think we've got Enough to say it here for heavy event Okay, I didn't like that.  Oh, that's why Change these anytime You can't that option So it's good it's got good validation to you know if you're missing some required information it will stop you We now have one work order event.  We could add as many as we want it. We wanted to add you know any of those other types like Post-install walkthrough free install meeting service punch we could do so and they would all be part of this work order  So I think, oh, yes, labor court. Now, unfortunately, on the sales order, I don't have a labor court that I've requested.  If I had, I would be able to select that labor court from that dropdown. And that's kind of important.  It will do a couple things. One of the things it would do is when we were adding that event, it would have pre-silled some of those requirements based on the ones that were selected for the labor court.  So for example, if when you created your labor court request, you would specify that we need to bring a floor protection.  Then if you choose that labor quote on this worker, it will turn on floor protection. So the idea is keep your work order requirements to be in sync with your labor court requirements.  Because you want the information that you gave the quota to figure out what this will cost to be. the same as the information of the actual work, right?  You want those to be in lockstep. And the other thing it would do is provide a tie-back for our job task.  So if the labor quote came to, know, 120 hours of work at whatever dollar amount that would be, then as you go through the process, scheduling work orders, completing them, and doing time entry, you have kind of a running view of how are we doing on this job.  Our budget from the labor quote was under 20 hours, and we've now consumed 97 of them. Or, you know, before something happens, maybe we've gone over.  So that gives you back your budget versus actual tie-in for labor, which is very important. But you don't have one on this one, that's okay though.  So I'll go ahead and save this work order. And we will then... Go back to the sales order when it's done.  The demo site has been a little slow today, guys. apologize for that. Like what Chris said, that only happens on demo days.  Demo sites are always a little funky compared to Anybody know any good jokes? Okay, so we got our work order.  It's reloading now. And there it is with all the information that we have specified and the event requirements and all that.  So if we go back to our sales over now, we will see that the work order staff should have a second one in there.  Joe Sherry had a question in the chat about.

23:00 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  and the ability to select lines that have not arrived yet? Yes, absolutely. Because we want to make work orders in advance of receipt.

23:11 - Joe Keller
  We don't want to actually schedule them. don't want them on the calendar in advance of receipt, but we would like to have them in the works before that.  I always just say when I was at an dealership that if you wait for product to show up before you think about getting it to the customer, you're already late.  You really want to have your schedule taking shape in advance. And we'll show you some tools that we give you.  You have the shift date, of course. And for some vendors, like Herman Miller, that's pretty spot on. know, they give you an acknowledged shift date that is generally the date you're going to receive for product.  But nearly all the other vendors know it just means they're going to shift them. But we have an expected receipt calendar that will get you in a little bit.  That will shift. you when products should actually arrive. And most of the other team people are pretty good at that.  They kind of have a better sense of that anyway. If I'm ordering from sit on it and they're shipping on this date, I'm pretty safe.  Soft scheduling might work order for x days after that. Maybe a day or two buffer. It works pretty smoothly.  Once you make that kind of mental leap into, we don't need to wait for it to get here before we think about getting it to the customer.  We can think about that before I get here. Now, there's also exceptions, exception reporting that we can do for I think we call it upcoming work orders, not received.  So if you get to a certain number of days, threshold, say two or three days before you have work order scheduled and the product's not here, it can alert you.  And that does happen occasionally. But not all that often when you use all the tools we give you and kind of get into the process well.  doing these things. Good question though. So yeah, now we have two work orders just like we thought we would and now we're going to take a look at the couple of different scheduling interfaces.  Now this first one, we just called this the work order schedule and this is not where the scheduler does their work.  This is communication. This is for everyone pretty much in the organization to see what work orders are going on in a given week.  So you can see all of them. The color coding is based on their type like delivery installation. That one's a pre-installed meeting.  This one is delivery only. This one's service. So you can see that's a post install walk through. You see the work order event types by their color.  There are a few things you can do here to work orders if you have permission. For example, if it's one of yours.  You can just remove this event, you know, maybe this is day three of a four-day job and we're done so I can remove this event, I can cancel the work order, if I need to, you can also see any notes associated with the work order just by clicking that little notes icon and that gives you a more concise screen.  You can see the order team, if you click that little icon there, that's kind of a custom icon, that's actually Catalyst logo, your system would have yours, so you can see who the order team is, you see the status, this is needs approval, it can be approved, it can be locked, it can be complete, it can be partially complete, various statuses.  And you also have some filters here, so this is by location, you have multiple operations locations and you have a filter to see the schedule for each one.  You can also just say, she'll mine and I'm in as the administrator right now, but- who is in as an order team, this would default to cheques.  And it would only show me the work orders for my orders. Now, as administrator, I don't have any. But if I were a PM or a customer support person, by default I'd be looking at my jobs, not everybody's.  But I had that option to uncheck that and see the full breadth of what we're doing that week in this particular operations location.  You can also filter by customer. And it's kind of a smart list, so it's only showing you the customers that actually have jobs on screen during this week.  There's no point in showing you the other thousand customers. don't have jobs on this week. So I can filter by customer.  You can also filter by the work order types and the work order event types. this goes from that same list that we scroll over in the admin section, which is also where you can set the colors.  And so I can say, I only want to. certain types. I want to only see moves right now. I only want to see service.  That might be something that a person in the service department would want. For example, you can also filter by status.  But if I only wanted to see the ones that are complete or approved or locked or partial, I can do that.  then a couple of things we have not yet implemented here, but this will be kind of like a schedule specific search where if you don't know what day your work order is on, you can put in the work order number and it will take you to that day.  And this is the hold list, which we'll show you in the future operations demo. We're wrapping that up now.  That's a place to park jobs that can't happen yet or you're not sure when you can get to them or the customer is behind schedule and construction.  You've done all this work to create this beautiful work order and you don't know when you're going to do it.  You put those on the hold list and you drag them back off when you have a better idea. When you  do it. But this is kind of something that everybody will see. I'm sorry. Is that a question? Hey, Joe, do you mind if I break in every now and again to address some of the questions that are coming up in the chat?

29:10 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  I certainly don't. Okay, so two things I think unanswered right now.

29:15 - Joe Keller
  So Sandra is hoping that we would be showing receiving and packing lists and then time entry today at some point.

29:22 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  So just keep that in back here, Ryan. And then a good question that came in was do you have to create a work order for every sales order for it to be delivered?  Yeah, issues do. And we will get to receiving, by the way, and time entry will make complete a work order.

29:42 - Joe Keller
  But typically, yes, if you want a delivery, then you create a work order. It can be a very quick and simple one.  know, work order, work order type delivery, don't schedule it. The scheduler will approve it. We'll show you that interface here in a minute.  But, yeah, that is pretty typical of these systems, you know, sometimes they don't call it a work order, they call it a delivery ticket, but it's the same concept.  And I have not really thought about, you know, you would want to have something you're going to deliver, but not create some sort of thing for it.  So maybe we'll talk about that at some point, we definitely want to learn more about your process as part of this overall process.  But yeah, so yes, you do. You need to make a work order for everything that's going to deliver it or install.  And you can make work orders for other things, create install meetings, customer pickup. You can create a work order for the customer to come get something on Tuesday from your showroom.  You can create internal work orders for the crew to set up voting chairs for the all hands meeting. You know, you can create work orders for a lot of things.  aren't all necessarily related to customer jobs. So enough on this screen, this is the global visibility for work orders.  by the way, also shows you that little check means received complete. This one, the red X, nothing's received. If it was yellow, it would mean partial, if you have any of those on the screen.  So you can always see at a glance, if your job is coming up this week or next week, if they receive you, it's going to be very important.  Now we're going to move to, and Chris, feel free to break in at any point in time. know this is a lot of information, so I'm moving kind of quickly.  This screen, as we call work order managed, this is where the scheduler or dispatcher, depending on what you call it, you may call it even something else, but these are pretty common names for that rule.  This is where she or he goes to actually, a symbol, the days for operations. again, you've got your location filter, and if you have different operations, warehouses, locations, you might have different schedulers assigned to each location, or you might have some that manage the process for more than one location, but each person will see the location they're supposed to manage in this dropdown, and not any of that that they aren't in charge of.  This is the little fullness meter we talked about. We can easily say, oh, full is this day, and that's communicated back on the screen that we saw earlier, the order team, because they're creating these soft scheduled work orders.  Now, these two paints, not a lot of jobs on this particular day. When the order team creates a new one, and pops it on this day, this is January 8, so we're talking in future.  It appeared. just here in the unapproved work order events. So the scheduler knows that's one that they'd like to happen on January 8th that I myself have not yet processed or looked at or approved.  The scheduler and reschedule this event. If this is not a good day for this, they can reschedule it to a different date.  They can also request reschedule. This happens to be a work order that was going to be a hard day, scheduled by the order team so they can't in this case.  But that's an option too. And that, instead of saying, I'm the scheduler, I'm going to reschedule this for January 10th, would send an email back to the refrigerator saying, we can't do January 8th.  Can you pick a new day or team with your customer? The scheduler on each tile, it's a multi-day job, so this happens to be data.  before. This one over here happens to be day three of three. This one is just a single day job.  And what the schedule does as they assemble their day, and think about the process. It might be very different for you guys right now, but the intended process with Orion and the dealers I've worked with in the past is the schedule is going to be working in the future.  And they're going to be revisiting each future day every so often as new requests appear. And they're going to be assigning resources, of building in their day.  And when they get closer to it, maybe when it's like next week, then they're going to be kind of done with that day.  It's going to be locked. They're going to have all of their resources assigned. They're going to have subcontractors assigned and notified.  So working in the future is a good thing. So let's say we can totally accommodate this particular work order on this day.  Then I just drag it over. And that will automatically, when I save, approve this event. And now the originator, the order team person, will see my work order has been approved for the day that I want it.  And they can then, you know, and they can drag it back over, too. So if they change their mind, they can do that.  But these are the approved events. Now, obviously, I've worked on these already. I've assigned some resources. Let's talk a little bit about labor resources.  So over here on the left, you can see there's different kinds of installers, trucks, and other. And that can be devices like mobile devices for the field app.  And you maintain your own list of vehicles. Notice how they're broken into categories, trucks, and vans. And the same goes for your installers.  can give them categories and sub-categories. The only internal, lead, installers, can have movers, subcontractors. You can have as many categories as you want.  And this even has one called leads in training. So when they have installers that they're hoping will be leads, they put them in that in training category, which I thought was kind of clever.  And just like with other things, you control all this. We have a section I won't bore you with too much.  But you get to create your own resource types, your own resource subtypes, and tie them to a type, and see these look familiar based on that screen.  You get to set a whole bunch of things about them, and then you get to add operations resources. So if I want to add a new resource, I just click that button, put in their name, select which type they should be, select what subtype they should be, and tie them to an employee.  If you want to type an entry to happen for this person, you have to pick an employee. But if you don't need time entry, like, say for sub contractors or trucks, then you just leave it as none needed.  And I'm sorry. And you can also set other things too. So, for example, we can set requirements. The requirements engine that we showed you with labor quotes and with work orders, it goes all the way down to the labor resource as well.  So if you assign certain requirements to labor resources, then you can have a list of sort of their attributes, maybe capabilities by the union.  I've vaccinated that matter not too long ago where customers were like only send us installers who are vaccinated. Do they have a CDL?  Do they have military clearance? And you can add as many things as you want to this list back in that requirements area.  And you can also fill out some more stuff, email, phone, so forth and first up, maximum passage. How many people can they be counted on to provide?  So a lot in there that I wasn't going to bore you with that, but I might have actually done a little bit.  I'm sorry. But that's where these come from. manage all that yourself and you get the category however you want.  And so let's just assign a few people. I've got Lauren on this job, so I'm going to put Luke on this one.  And then I'm going to put Carlos on there as well. And I'm going to pick a subcontractor and say that we need five people from them, six people.  And so it's really, really easy to assign people to jobs. You can do the same with trucks. So if we want this to be truck two, we just drop truck two on there.  If we had a service job and we wanted to pick a service van, we could do that. And I should mention that back in that installer or operations resource section, you can tie them together.  So if you had a service tag named Sue and then signed when Sue was assigned. So if I drag Sue over, the man would come on a Mac, just a little time saver.  That's a typical thing to do with mobile devices and tablets as well. You might have a tablet called Sue's iPad.  If you drag Sue over, Sue's iPad will also be assigned on a Mac. Another thing you can do here, and again I apologize for the being so much, is you can group your jobs.  So if I were to say new group, and let's call it, I don't know, we'll just call it, we'll call it service.  And then I'll make another new group for this day and we'll call it house east. I'll make another one and call it, what was the lead's name, Lauren.  So you can make groups of jobs, and you just drag jobs into the groups. I said, Lauren, over to that one, we'll pretend that's a service reporter even though it isn't.  So you can group them that way. Now let's say we don't want this one to be, and so let's say we want it to be with Lauren.  try that over there. I'll get rid of service, and this allows you to kind of create routes essentially. What this means is both of these work orders are going to be done by the same people using the same truck, and there are many different ways of grouping them.  I've seen dealers group them by lead. I've seen dealers group them by compass direction. I've seen groups group them by the type of work, like service or walls or floors.  It's completely up to you how you group them. But one of the nice things is we also have a group library that you can create groups that you probably are going to be using a lot.  I don't have to type the word service. On a new group on every single day, I can make one group called service Put it in my group library, and there's a checkbox where it will automatically show up on every day And that's probably the best example of a group you almost always have And within a group, you know, I can change the stop number so I can I can move them up and down and this controls the stop number Stop one stop to it.  It's based on the order that they appear and the crews will see on their Devices we have the field interface wrapped up which we're very close to they will see their first stop and then their second stop And then their first stop all in order Other things I can do here You don't have this information, but this is where we could pop up a screen that will send an email to the customer to confirm This job.  We don't have to do that outside of the system. can do that within the system and the responses will come back into the system That's another thing we're wrapping up and also put in a number  So let's say I'm working on this on a Friday night, and I've kind of investigated his job, I've looked at the notes, looked at the requirements, by the way, of course these are all links, you can open the sales order, I can open the work order, you can see all the details.  And let's say I've got to go, I figured out that I need three people for this job. I could just put a three there and say when I could run off to my engagement.  You can add little picking notes to these jobs as well. So you can put in little notes that are really meant for the schedule, although they can't appear in other places too.  So I can put in when that catalyst uses a lot, the schedule of picks with jobs should be loaded by the night loader, the night before.  So they will pick, put a sticky note on there, they might, you know, they want, completely free for them and you can pick the color, you can even designate that different colors to have different default text, like my hook, you can have as many of those as you want.  I mean up to six fillers. So again, this is all just the way the scheduler Keeps track of where they are on a given day without having to go outside the system You call them sketch over sickies because back in the day.  They were actual sticky notes on titles and piles and piles of paperwork orders on the scheduler's desk So we wanted to have an electronic woodland of that without all that paper Hey, Joe.  Sure. Can you talk a little bit about? Sure.

43:33 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  had a great question about some contractors that are not going through either service net or the internal service organization.  So people outside of that ecosystem, how are they handled because it outside the system entirely? Ah, those you you can still create a work order.

43:55 - Joe Keller
  think I don't think I showed you when we made that work order. There was an internal versus external. I've dropped down.  And I made one that was internal. You can make an external work order and assign that to remote, you know, companies in the same way that you've been doing an external labor quo.  So, yeah, it does support external work orders. you don't have to do your resource assignment. don't have to do any of this, of course, because that's their job to handle it.  So, we do have some capabilities for that. It's just not as robust because, you know, when you tell a company in another state that they're in charge of a job, you don't have to assign their people.  You don't have to do all the stuff that they're responsible for. How is it like, do they receive that via email with PDF or just via email or how are they notified of that?

44:51 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  It is currently just through email, not unlike a service net.

44:57 - Joe Keller
  Of course, you might just be using that to manage those jobs. And ultimately, know, we, we, it's still a little early, but we are working on a subcontractor portal, and you'll hear more about that in the future where a subcontractor could go to the portal and see the jobs that they've been awarded.  So we are going to have that, but we do not have that in today's first. In the ideal world that on the subcontractor portal we're working on, we're trying to figure out a way to avoid additional net suite licenses for those subcontractors to see how to pay for them.

45:37 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  Yes, exactly. Yeah.

45:43 - Joe Keller
  So you have the same filters here, by the way, location, custom filter and just data system types. We don't have this today, but we'll have this the next time we do operations, and that's just a map view.  We'll show you on a Google Maps where all these jobs are. broad lines between the groups, so you see the whole route.  We go here, we go there, and we go back. But we don't have that quite time yet, but it's pretty snazzy.  And then other things you can do on this screen, you can, you know, again, you can see any notes or anything, you can do the confirmation, see if it's received or not, and you also have this actions menu, you can move it to the hold list, request rescheduling or reschedulate, unlock, talk about locking for a minute.  So when the scheduler assigns resources to any job or group of jobs, it automatically locks them, unsafe. What lock means is that the order team goes in and tries to change anything significant about that job to try to add 100 more lines of product.  Or, you know, change anything. It kind of matters, the dates, for example. They won't be able to because of the job is lost.  And that's to avoid surprises for the schedule. They could have tomorrow's schedule all perfect, the proper resources, and then somebody could go into a work order that was scheduled for a week later and put it on tomorrow.  And that could screw everything up. Now we might not have the resources. Maybe they've got it lined, and we need more people on this job now, and we don't have them.  So that's kind of a safeguard to keep people on the order teams from screwing with, so to speak, the scheduler.  So once a job is locked, if they want to make any substantive changes to that job, they simply have to ask the scheduler to either make them or unlock it.  And that's why we have an unlock menu item. So if someone calls me and says, hey, I need to make some tweaks to this job, don't worry.  I'm not cutting product or anything like that. Could you unlock it? I will say yes. unlock it for them.  And then I know when they're done, I might want to take a peek, of validate that they didn't really do anything substantive.  I can't say that word today. We don't have the printing yet, but this is where you can print the, know, pick list, it will.  That just needs to be done. It's very simple matter. But that way, if you wanted to print the actual product listing and the other other information for the work order, you could.  Typically, people will use their tablets in the field. There are times when you're not allowed to. Some places you aren't allowed to bring a device.  That's simple, especially if we get that a lot at the office, probably in Hawaii, where they just aren't allowed to bring any kind of electronics into a lot of their military jobs.  And so they have to print, but a lot of times you don't. We can again remove or pencil pick list.  Yeah, this will print the entire work order. This will just print the product list. It's very, very, a little other information, and we'll get into the completing of the event and the time entry at the end, but we still have received any dukes first, so we won't do that yet.  Just a couple more things on this screen. And one is managing your resources. So for example, little drop-down action menu here.  I can make Lauren believe she already is, that's why it won't let me, or I can remove Lauren from this job if I want to.  But I won't, it's her job, so I'll just remove Tyler D. He's gone now, it just draws a line through him.  I say she will be gone, she can also manage your resources over here. So let's say Tyler D called out today, I can now flip that and it will put a red line through Tyler and it will mark that little pink thing means that it was unapproved.  And this is saved in the system. So the scheduler, as people call in, you this was something the catalyst asked for.  a couple of years ago, like, you know, we feel like the same people are calling off, particularly on Mondays.  And we'd like to wait, mark that in the system, so we don't need sticky notes. And also, just have a way to track that.  So, this gives the scheduler that ability to track their resources without, you know, having to reach out to HR or anything like that.  You can also put in plans, time off, and this availability menu. So, Carlos, it's going to be on vacation, you know, from December 29th through January 3rd, then I can put that in there and say that Carlos is unavailable.  Have any notes? Check unapproved if that happens to be the case. And it is partially available. can even say what hours?  Carlos. can work those days. And then if I do that and go to, nothing changed for Carlos because that's in the future.  But if I go to a day in that range, Carlos will show as unavailable to the estate when he jobs that day.  This makes perfect sense. But again, the theme is try to have a place for all these little details within the system and not have to go outside to keep track of these things.  I want to take a quick look at my outline to see where we are because I don't know. Okay, we're going to move the receiving unless Chris, there any questions?  I think there's one outstanding question from Sherry.

51:46 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  So we have to create a work order in Orion for all sales orders for them to close or what's the implication.  If you don't create a work order for a sales order that is for a subcontractor. There is no implication there.

52:03 - Joe Keller
  If you're not doing the work, you do not need to create a work order. I apologize if that sounds different than what we said earlier.  I think I misunderstood. I thought the idea was you're doing an internal delivery. Do you have to make a work order?  I said, well, yeah, I don't see how else. But no, if you're not doing the work, you don't have to create a work order than a riot.  You can communicate that work through other meetings like service maps. So yes, now when we have that subcontractor portal, you might want to create external work orders and pick that vendor.  It's because they're gonna be able to do things in that portal. They're gonna be able to mark that they've received the product.  They're gonna be able to complete. They're gonna be able to upload customer sign-offs in any photos. They're gonna be able to enter punch ultimately.  So at that point, I think it's worth it to create them, even in that case. Right now, you don't need to at all.  hope that helps. Um, receiving. Okay, so I think I have a, yes, I have a purchase order. What happens to be to Herman Miller.  And I'm going to go ahead and click the receiving button. Sorry for that. Julie, change in where we are.  But at some point during that whole process, when people are soft scheduling the job, putting in all the information, all the details, the scheduler is assembling those future days with resources and groupings and trying to map out the best route.  At some point, the product has to come. And so when it does, you have to receive it. Now, of course, if it's if it's a drop shift to the customer site, it's different if you're shipping to a remote subcontractor.  But if the product is into you, then you've got to receive it. unfortunately, I have already You can see this one.  So let me just undo this recipe real quick so I can show you the process. We'll give it a second here.  Unreceive these guys. So when you come to this receiving screen, you see information about the order, the POs. You actually see a list of all the POs on that order.  So if you wanted to choose a different one, you could. It shows you all this stuff. You've got everything date, and you can change that.  It's a multitude today. Hopefully, product comes. receive it same day. But maybe it came last night, and you have to run.  And though you actually want to say that it came on the 14th. That's why we let you change that.  And it's kind of important, as we'll see in a minute when we get to the expected receipt calendar, you really want your people.  And it's just a training thing. It's to understand that we want that day to be when the product got here.  not the date where we're putting it in the system, and you're not graded on it. It doesn't matter if you didn't get to yesterday.  You know, we understand some days are busy. We just want this to be accurate because this date is used to calculate some other things within the system.  So I'm going to change the date so as not to mess up our calculations because these lines just happen to have been acknowledged to chef on December 14th, so I want to receive to match.  This is only a demo problem, not a real world problem. Things you can do here, these are your bin.  Now, we don't have many bins on this warehouse, Boston. That's okay. You can have a lot more, and you know, some dealers, the names are short, some dealers, they're long.  You get to pair how many columns they appear. So if the names will I'm really sure I might pick 10.  Looks like 8 might be a better choice by the sort of the fault. At some point, we'll probably make it where you can set a number of columns per warehouse.  That'll be a tweet. haven't gotten there yet. You can filter the list. So if I only wanted to see the ones that add O2 in them, I could.  So if you have a large number of bins, you can quickly drill down to the aisle of row that you're interested in.  And you can also select all of them or multiple ones. There, select those two. You can do the same over here with your lines.  And you can also filter the lines if you want to get down to a smaller list. And by the way, if this list of lines was much longer, as we scroll down, this box of bins would follow us down, so that we're never in a situation where we're dragging something from up here all the way down there.  And that's pretty handy, too. It shows you all your quantities and stuff. before. And so let's say we wanted this particular line number one to be in two bins.  I would simply drag them over. And now it's going to say okay this guy is in this bin and this bin because I have them selected.  And of course it doesn't know how many I want in each. So I put two in that one and one in that one.  It won't let me. But too many it went back to one. I don't know you noticed that. It won't let me receive more than I ordered.  We do have a way track those. But it's trying to prevent accidental over receiving here, not actual over receiving.  You can also just you know not have anything selected and just drag single bins to any item. can also drag the items to the bins.  It doesn't really matter. And it assumes that if you drag. and over that you want all six quantity in there.  But again, you can change that in the case of a partial receiver. You need to. And then it's really just that simple.  I could say right now, and it would only receive these four. Maybe we got a partial shipment. Now let's say I wanted a situation where I just want to put all the lines in one bit.  Then I could simply select all of those lines and do I have been over and they would all be in one bit.  I'd already done some of these things. So of course, we want to get rid of that. So in a simple case, it's very simple.  If you're putting everything in your staging area, for example, because it came in today and it's filling out tomorrow, then it takes about three clicks and three seconds to receive everything in the same location.  And so two other things you can do. here, then of course just saving. We think this is a pretty easy to use interface for receiving.  Other things you can do. You can put in a note. Maybe you want to note something about this particular receipt.  You can do so. You can also do what we call component receiving. We kind of sort of made that out, but that is the situation which is more common with null and maybe some other vendors than with the Herman Miller where you order something and you get parts.  You don't get the whole thing. You get components of that thing and people struggle with how do we receive that?  Say you order four potatoes and you know that each table is going to have a base and a top and what you get in today's delivery is four pops.  What do you do? You can't really receive four, that's your quantity, because that tells the system you have four complete tables.  You really don't. You have four tops. Some people say, we use fractional receipt. Just received two in that case, but that's kind of not cool either, kind of a workaround, because you don't have two complete tables.  You have four tops, and so we created this way to track this, and we will hook this up to dashboards, and reminders, and things like that, too.  Well, why? lost my master's. There it is. So let's say we got four tops, and we want to put them in this bin.  We would just say tops. And then let's put in what you still need, and you can also, if you have any indication of when you're supposed to get them, you can pick a date to expect them.  But you kind of don't really need to keep track of this, and I'll tell you what. But when those spaces come in, they're going to come on a truck.  They're going to hand you the paperwork. And this PO number is going to be on with whatever others. When you go to this PO and go to receive it, you will see that this particular line was not received.  have received four pots. And so it will audit. It's kind of a self-removing thing because those spaces are going to come someday.  And when they do, you'll end up on this same screen automatically. But those kind of work out pretty well.  This is also where you can record an actual overage. And this happens. And it's mostly in the flooring world, where you ordered 98 square yards of some floor covering, and they send you 100 and charge you for 100.  Because that's how they roll. That's just how flooring works. So you have two square yards extra. This allows you to record that and specify where you're going to put it.  and say something about it and then we we record the information we really can't tell you the system can't tell you what to do with that different dealers do different things but you know we do give you the ability to record that so some extra things there's a few more things we're gonna do here we've had requests to be able to dedicate bins for specific customers and we have that in our database now we just don't have it in the UI but at some point if you designated 30 bins to be for a specific big customer if you're receiving some other customers product those bins won't be available in that receipt others other little neat features that people have requested that we will get to in some release to make this even even more tunable for you so I'll just go ahead and we see this I don't think I've made any big errors just let's say  And we'll give this a second for the demo system to process Sorry, I'm talking so much guys And I hope you find this valuable So there we go it refers to screen now shows everything is received if we have not received at all Then it would show parcel if I go back to my purchase order And It refresh actually I don't need get refreshed because remember it had been received when I went there It's been in bill, and that is the next next week status for a purchase or if I hadn't already received it And then I'm received it it would have said pending receipt and to join what we just did would now say can you build?  So that's that now we're gonna move to The expected received calendar this is something I kind of referred to earlier.  When you're scheduling work orders, advance of receipt, which is good. You know the acknowledge shift date. It may not really know what it's going to give here.  so people tend to sort of pad to put buffers on it. But we can do a little better than that.  And this is how we do it. So this calendar is showing two things for this particular week of December 2nd for San Francisco.  It's showing a couple actual receipts. So we you know, just for testing purposes, we're enabling future receiving. We won't do that in production.  But it's showing a couple things that were received already. But it's also showing things that are expected to be received on Friday, December 6th.  How does it know that? It knows that because it's something we do. It sounds almost a little more. But it really is, when you receive in the interface that we were just in, we know every item's acknowledged ship date already.  So we know that the lines on this piece were acknowledged to ship on December 1st. When you receive what we do is we record the delta, the difference between when it was acknowledged to ship and when we actually got it.  And that's why that receipt date is important that it be as accurate as possible. So let's say it took five days for that product, the ship date to the day you got it.  We just simply store a five in the database for that vendor that origin zip code and the destination zip code of that location of yours.  It can be different, vendors can have different zip codes for origin, you might have different zip codes for warehouses, right?  So we're doing it per level. where it came from, where it went to, and what vendor it was, we saw a 5, and we do that every time we receive, not always 5, it might be a 6, it might be a 4, and then what we do is we calculate a running average of the 12 most recent receipts for that vendor, origin zit, zit, and we add that to the equivalent shift date, and we show you this calendar, and this is not only showing you what we have received, it's showing you when we expect things to come, and over time since it's feeding your own experience into the data, it becomes fairly accurate, and so this is nice because you're where else people can actually take a look at a calendar and see what we're supposed to be getting next week, and instead of just always having to wait for things to show up when they show up, it gives you an idea of when things are coming, and  One of the things they can do here is receive from here. So that little icon there will allow them to go straight to the receiving interface.  So you're when else people, they don't have to get a PO, log into the system, find that PO, open that PO, and click the receive button.  They can just kind of live here and click the receive button and things come up. Now, I know this one's a little hard to explain, but when dealers use it, they love it after a while.  A lot of the other furniture systems just don't have anything like this. And there are couple of details that we need to explain.  What happens if one of these people does not show up on Friday December 6th? Well, it will go forward to the next day.  So when I come in on Monday morning, maybe I come in on Saturday or Sunday. Maybe I don't. But if I come in on Monday morning, then these people  Those will be sitting on Monday morning. The reason is because they didn't get receipts on Friday. If we did the season on Friday, they will turn green or yellow if they're partial and be fixed.  Friday, December 6th, day we entered that receipt into the system. But if I don't receive them, they'll be on Monday.  If I receive them then, good. Otherwise, they'll be on Tuesday. The whole point is we think it's coming Friday, but if it doesn't, we're going to plan on Monday.  Because ultimately, if we don't cancel this deal, it has to be received, and so it kind of works out really well.  You can't lose an expected receipt in the past, you know, on last week's calendar. You can't lose them. They stay front and center until you receive them or cancel them.  And we provide you little overrides to help with situations in the real world that aren't quite so perfect. So, for example, if for any of  reason, you have a PO that just isn't ever going to be received. You can just click, stop showing this PO and it won't appear anymore.  That happened in the past with Catalyst because they had some old messed up receipts or POs in their core system.  They have never received those POs. They could not figure out a way to get rid of them, like, showing up.  And so I'm like, well, we will add an option. Don't show me this one anymore to deal with that old data.  You won't have anything like that in that suite. You can also set an actual day for this PO. So let's say a truck broke down somewhere, like an mountain pass or something.  And they call you and say, hey, a truck broke down. We're waiting for parts. We're probably not going to get there until December 14th.  Then instead of having this PO sale, of every single day when you come in in the morning, you could just pick this number four teams and it won't show up until you go there.  So that's another way to deal with less than optimal real world conditions. And if you want to, you can actually hard coat the number of transit days for this vendor, this warehouse.  You typically don't want to do that. It's better to let the system calculate that, but you do have that capability if you want.  So Amanda had a question about international orders. I don't know if you have any additional context around that, Amanda, specifically.

1:10:40 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  Hi. Yeah, sometimes, you know, we'll have things that will be shipping from a vendor.

1:10:46 - Amanda Beaudin (Pivot Interiors)
  I've had one recently that had to go to Spain prior to getting on a boat to us with something like, you know, 30 to 40 days or something in transit.  How is that affected by this kind of It would be calculated.

1:11:07 - Joe Keller
  It would just be a bigger number, right? it made a situation like that. average may not be very useful.  That might be a good situation where you just want to hard cut a number, right? international ocean freight, things like that.  are So yeah, situation like that, if it took 40 days, we'd record it 40. And the next time you have the product coming from that same origin zip to the same warehouse with the same vendor, it would be on your expected receipt calendar, 40 days from the acknowledged shift date.

1:11:48 - Maria Crabtree (Pivot Interiors)
  And if it came in 20, hours will be 30.

1:11:51 - Joe Keller
  a situation like that, it's less useful. So, Amanda, it's similar to the framery.

1:11:57 - Maria Crabtree (Pivot Interiors)
  So, for ordering framery within the U.S. Yes, it's different from those that are warding outside, so it's because of the freight, it's about six weeks, so it'll have a calculation of the two depending on where it's ordered from.  Yes.

1:12:14 - Joe Keller
  But, yes, this issue is sold out and a couple of the others are using the old version of this, this version's a little better, but we're kind of proud of this because the other furniture system's just never occurred to them to do something like this, and so I guess I'm personally kind of proud.  You can be proud, Joe? Yeah. I'm sorry, I tried not to speak. Just a time check, Joe, we're about 15 minutes from wrapping up here, so.  Well, that's good, because we only really need to go through like one more thing, and that's the completion, so I'm just going to go back to, I don't know if I see anything here, I don't know what I did, so I'm just going to hit refresh.  You've got a clean copy of what's in the data. Do, oh gosh, I think I was in Zoom stay.  Didn't break eight, I think that was Boston. There we go. All right, so I'm gonna show you how to complete a work work work and how to do the time entry.  There are two versions of this. One will be on the field application that we're wrapping up right now. So a lead with a device to seal their work orders, stop number order.  They'll be able to complete them right there in the field and enter their cruise time. So because the lead does it for everyone.  This is the end-net suite, end-office version of work order completion. We still need this because they don't always do it in the field.  Try as you might. Sometimes they will do a job and not complete it. Maybe their tablet died during the day, and they couldn't.  Maybe they just didn't have time, but for whatever reason, the scheduler will come in on a Tuesday morning and look at Monday's jobs and see maybe one or two that weren't completed and can then go in and complete some work, he can make the lead do it.  Either way, we need to have an ability to complete jobs without the mobile application. Maybe it was the place where you turn around to take a mobile device.  So if can complete this job, it shows me a little basic information about the job, and then it shows me the roster.  So these were the people that I assigned to that job, and instead of having to enter their time individually, what we can do is put in at the top, kind of like overall time.  Much of the time, you know, they will all work the same hours. Well, I put in 103 when I'm in 130, there we go, and let's say they took a 30 minute lunch break.  It's for fun, and so they worked five hours and 30 minutes for a regular time. You can also track overtime and double time if you use those, and in fact, if it had exceeded eight hours, I think it would have put the remainder in overtime automatically, just try that, and saving what's from 7.30 a.m.  to 5.30 p.m. and it didn't, that's a shame, but say it was really eight regular and 130. The nice thing is if it doesn't do a calculation for you automatically, you still have control.  These are just helpful, the calculation, and then you pick a service type. I don't know what these guys call it in your current system, in core, this is called job activity.  What kind The end of work was the crude doing, and you can set up as many of these as you want in your net speed environment.  We've done a few just for fun, like delivery and installation internal, receiving, if you want to track time on that.  We also have some special items for direct build, some dealers like to do things differently for direct build, so we made those as well, but let's say it's just D&I, and you can have as many as you want, you can have walls, you can have moves, you can have service.  You decide how you want to break down the types of work they do, and then you just click apply.  So that will now fill out everybody, you know, imagine I had 12 people on this job, and we'll fill all of them out the same way, but if Tyler left early, you know, let's say he left at 2.30, then I can just change Tyler, and it will drop his talk.  I can put a note, you know, Tyler left early again, maybe comment. That's not a lot, so I can put in a little note just to track that.  And then, if all I do is to say this, it will just put in time entry, but we're going to do some other things too.  This particular job unfortunately only had one line on the work order, but I can complete lines as well. And I have an option to complete all, or I can clear all, and I can also select them and say complete selected.  So, if I'm only completing some of the lines on the job, you can do that. By the way, you can do multiple completions.  can complete these lines today. You can complete those lines tomorrow. It's all okay. You also have this choice of whether the whole day is complete, and you have to complete all the lines in order to say that the whole day is complete.  Because if you have uncompleted lines, you can't complete the entire work order. Work order is complete when all of its lines and all of its events have been completed.  And then finally, and there's some filters here, know, if you had a lot of lines, you could filter to just complete it, partial, uncomplated.  You could also collect this section, so if you had 300 lines in there and you wanted to see punch, you could just collapse that whole section.  Same as you had a large number of people in the roster. Just in the field interface, it's very similar.  It's just more, you know, more vertical, more mobile oriented and responsive. It's not unlike this at all. And then punch.  You can add punch here as well. It's not uncommon to have punch on a job, and the best place to enter that punch is when you're completing the job.  This is a simplified punch interface. I don't know if we went to punch before, but the full interface for punch.  If not, we will definitely pick up there sometime. That has a lot of stuff on the screen for resolving the punch issues.  and so it's really more punch management, right? This is more just punch entry, right? typically, you know, our job is to enter the punch and then someone back in the office figures out what we're going to do about it and ultimately probably creates a punch work order for us to go out and do whatever that is.  So this is just, you know, injury punch, so I'll say scratched, surface, you have to pick a punch type.  Again, I can't remember if we talked with you guys about these but guess what? You have complete control over your punch types and I'll say damage product, you have to pick a reason, same thing, you have complete control over your reasons and then you can put in a brief description, I'll say Tyler, I'm really on Tyler today, Tyler D, scratched, he caught accidentally.  Maybe that's why I left her. I don't know. Tyler, don't know if you're on the call. We do have an actual tie-up, by the way, who works with us.  He's on the call. He's probably not enjoying this presentation. And then you could do the case if you're bringing anything back.  And if so, what? So let's say we're going to bring the tough back. Or repair. You also can err, and this is something Jen Trask asked us to do, how much time was lost on this point?  You know, we all want to track the dollar amount that we lose from punch. But she said, you know, people also want to track time.  So let's say this, for whatever reason, this fresh surface costs us 15 minutes while we're on site. So we can record that as well.  You can also pick lines, and in the case of famous products, it would make perfect sense to pick up the  one of the work order lines to indicate which product was damaged. But some of the types, like site conditions, let's say the punch is that you couldn't get in the building or that no one met you.  You don't have to pick any lines for that. Let's say the type was damaged to customer site. If you broke a customer window pushing a cart, you don't care what product was on the cart.  So you don't need to pick a line in that case. pick lines only when they make sense. And you can pick multiple lines.  These are the what went wrong. And these are the why did it go wrong? And both are very, very important.  Back in the office, they have a third W. So what are we going to do about it? It's typically not operations through sites.  And you can do multiple. We wanted more punch. Unfortunately, those jobs happen. Just keep clicking the plus sign and building in the information.  Until we've gotten them all. And then, you know, that's it, this will complete this work order and it will show off in our invoicing schedule, the one that the type that's tied to work order completion will prompt people to invoice this order.  All right, guys, I'm done with a few minutes left.

1:22:22 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  Hey, Joe, if, um, so for designers or project managers that need to track time against punch, does it happen in this interface or does it use net suites default time tracking utility on the punch record that's generated in the system?  Great question. So this, um, this is really just tracking time on the job, right?

1:22:45 - Joe Keller
  By labor resource time on the job. The way we have punch designed in the bigger in office version, we can add tasks to a punch issue and track time against those tasks.  That's how we are at least currently doing it. You don't track time directly on the punch. You track time on the tasks associated with the punch.

1:23:10 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  And then Ken had a question, if the hours get applied to the cost of the job, what I believe do based on an average cost per hour, Yes.  Yes. Yes, they sell in your time entry, those time entries are associated with any task, any work order, and with any sales, then ultimately the price.

1:23:34 - Joe Keller
  So yes, when you're looking at your overall cost view of the project, time entered here will show.

1:23:42 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  And then maybe just for the last, we've got six minutes left or so, if you guys just want to open the mics and ask any questions directly to Joe that he hasn't covered.  Of course, you can always send those via email over. We're happy to answer those as well. But yeah. If you guys have any outstanding questions, feel free to ask them now.

1:24:11 - Sandra Rudloff (Pivot Interiors)
  Hey, could you just time entry for like an individual like a designer? Would they need to go order by order or project or opportunity one by one?  Or can they log in and have like a drop down and fill out the time for their day? That's better question I think for for Christopher and Marcus.

1:24:32 - Joe Keller
  I mean, obviously we were looking at operations time there are interfaces for people like designers and PMs taking their time directly against say an order or a quote or even an opportunity.  Do we have some sort of interface though where they can blast in bunch?

1:24:48 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  Yeah, if we're using the net suite default time tracking record, there is a time entry interface and you do it just by day and then you can enter like in time.  Vigil blocks of time for that and you can do that like for example, I track my time Directly in that suite for like this call.  I'll track this call and there is a there's an interface that I just log into and You set up a list of jobs that they're associated with and they can track time against those jobs specifically or you can go into a specific Record type of any kind and track time directly against that as well.  So there's a couple different ways to enter time It'd be good to see that in the future sometime. Sure.  I had a question on the Side progress reports.

1:25:38 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  So taking pictures Communicating out is that How does that work? Does it Is that a tool inside of? That is a great question.

1:25:50 - Joe Keller
  We did not cover that when we show you the field interface Which which will be soon It does allow you to take photos with your device and upload those  to the work order. They can be images of punch, you can add files of punch as well, which are almost always, you know, a photo of the damage thing.  But you can do general work order photos. Sometimes there's even a requirement for we want work order photos. So like your marketing group might be like, this customer bought some pretty cool stuff.  We really want, you know, after install photos of how beautiful it is for our gallery. And status reports as well.  Yes, we still need to finish those. But the idea is when you complete a job, you can send a status report.  It's basically a net suite email template. And it can include, you know, the information about the job. It can include those photos.  I think even as links, we're worried that the email might get too big. But yeah, we will show you that in a future session.  There are status reports and our completion reports. And they're very similar, but slightly different. Okay, and then one last question about communication.

1:27:03 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  do texts go out to installers and leads of what their schedule is or how do they get notified of what they're assigned to for the following day and who's on their crew and where they go and these are the documents and all of that?

1:27:19 - Joe Keller
  Yeah, the easiest way is for them to simply open up their tablet and it will dissolve through today that you can look at tomorrow, right?  You should change the little date record and it will show you everything you're assigned to for tomorrow or on any date.  So that's the kind of what Jennifer McKinney would call the easy button. Some dealers do have kind of custom reports that we will probably end up doing for them during implementation.  I always call them operations reports. Catales called it the daily dispatch. OA calls it the weekly ops forecast. I've done three or four of these, all of them were customizable, all of them were different.  So we didn't really at this point try to do something standard because we've never seen standards before. As we move forward in implementations, we will be doing something like that.  But that's a way for the schedule to broadcast the schedule for either a day in the future, often tomorrow, or for a week, next week.  That's it does every Friday for the following week because they're small, catalyst does it every night for tomorrow. they broadcast it to every installer and a lot of other people, too.  They broadcast it to a giant email group called Daily Dispatch. So, yeah, we're going to have something like that.  We just haven't been able to sort of distill that down to the what will work well for any but, yeah, because every example we have, but it's very, very custom.  I know that's not a great answer, but we

1:29:00 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  Yeah, I think it is important for an installer to receive the information they need for tomorrow, right, an individual so that they don't have to go through a giant report and figure out where they need to show up, you know, just something super simple currently.  I mean, you probably know this IQ and individual texts out to the individual people and the crews and informs them when to show up where to show up all that, who their lead is all that good stuff.  Yeah, yeah, and we could, you know, we could do something.

1:29:31 - Joe Keller
  Maybe that's what we do, something fairly basic, just safe search email, which is really, really so easy to do in that suite that, you know, at five o'clock, you know, it will read the database to see who's assigned jobs the next day, and just shoot them a message.  That kind of stuff is pretty easy, so we'll take this back and say, know, we got to do something basic that everybody can have.  and then worry about maybe how they want to customize later. So that's a great idea. And I'm not as experienced in NetSuite as some of the other guys are, but those safe search emails are pretty easy.  So I imagine next time we talk, we'll figure something out for that. All right, well, we're past 3.30.

1:30:23 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  Thank you all for your time. I think Sandra, just probably shoot you the recording of this right now. Then, yeah, look forward to talking to guys next time.  Great.

1:30:35 - Sandra Rudloff (Pivot Interiors)
  again. Thank you guys. All right. you soon.

1:30:38 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  See you guys. Bye-bye. Thanks, everyone. Thank you. Take care.