Pivot Demos - Workfront overview - October 22
VIEW RECORDING - 38 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/calls/168898900

---

0:00 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  in and how we look at that.

0:02 - Sandra Rudloff (Pivot Interiors)
  I think from project creation because of the different types you have between a bid and a project and think orders.

0:10 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  Okay, so I'll go ahead and share my screen. I know we only have a half hour so we're going to just kind of jump right in if that's okay.  that's great.

0:18 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  So are you familiar with work front at all?

0:23 - Marcus Dallacqua
  Okay, it's an Adobe product.

0:25 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  It was purchased by Adobe. I want to say like two years ago, maybe three years ago. And so they've actually kind of take it under their wing.  And so they've been actually doing a lot of updates to it. It was a separate tool, company of work front, but they've been pulling it under the Adobe umbrella.  So it's starting to take a more cohesive look to match the other Adobe products that they've got. So you won't see the word compass anywhere in it.  They do market it as Adobe work front. All right, so first of all, I thought what I would do is I have a couple projects.  So I have some real projects that actually have real data, which I think will be good for you all to see because that's the real stuff that we're doing.  But I am creating, I'm in the middle of creating this project to kick off. So how it works is when a salesperson wants to start a project, they go into Compass and they fill in, client name addresses, those are all housed inside of Compass, and then they give it a project name.  And then we have this form that they fill out. So the project number will get assigned to it automatically.  And Big Dog Consulting is the company name I'm using in this particular case. They enter in all of the required fields and additional information that they may know about the project.  So salesperson name, if we have a business developer, they'll need to add that. If there's a HubSpot deal associated with it, that's where we track our opportunities because we have integrations with different tools inside of Workfront.  And then they get to choose what type of project is this. So is it a standard project where I'm going to just need PM or design or a combination of both?  Is it a transactional project where I don't need design and PM really is just me and the project coordinator and sales coordinator?  Is it an opportunity where we haven't really won the deal yet? We're still kind of working on it. And then RFP, which is a competitive situation.  We track the details around RFPs, one's lost margins, things like that. So these types of projects have different forms and different pieces of data that get  selected so that we can do reporting on it, but if we start anything as an opportunity or an RFP once we get to a certain point when other resources are needed or we have won the opportunity then we convert it to a project that follows our normal project path.  So I'm going to go ahead and just say project and when I choose project it gives me an option you need design NPM, you need just design do you just do or do you need just PM no design or do you need design and PC managed meaning just need a little bit of design help that the project coordinator is going to manage this project.  So whatever you choose those paths bring in a template of tasks and timeline associated with some other criteria we drop in here.  Great description of scope here we have some square footage so if we know the square footage of the space target  move-in date, target installation date. Just some questions around the type of project this is. Is it a reconfigure? What's included?  So we have four categories here, workstations, offices, conference rooms, ancillary, and then based on the quantities that are added in these fields for workstations and or ancillary settings, that tells Compass how big the project is.  So it does a calculation and calls it extra small, small, medium, and large, extra large. And so the template and timeline comes in associated with those criteria.  And then a few other things, weekly meetings, yes or no, and then just kind of what are the first deliverables and what are the dates.  So once those are saved, Compass will convert this request to a project and I'll just. So I'll ahead and click over to that project.  And this is what the public is in necessarily requesting for a project to be created.

5:10 - Marcus Dallacqua
  It's going to create the project no matter what it's just requesting some of the other the other pieces. That correct.  Yeah, it's it's going to create a project no matter what based on what selections you've made.

5:21 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  So is it an opportunity type project? Is it an RP type project? Is it a real project? We're adding resources to and we're going?  Or is it transactional? Yeah, one chair super super fast. It could be drop ships and we'll delivery those kinds of things.  Got it. Yeah, that makes sense to me.

5:39 - Marcus Dallacqua
  Yeah.

5:40 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  So this is our project once it's created. So you can see here it has some naming convention, a project name, our customer name and the name of the project.  In this case, I called it for one refresh. It brings in a status and it brings in an owner.  You can see it 0% complete. The status of review required the signals to our IPM that they need to take a look at this and assign resources.  And so the first step that they do is, depending if it's a designer or not or design required, is they'll go in and assign themselves.  So they change it to planning, which basically tells the system don't send out notifications about who's getting assigned what we don't want individual notifications.  We have something called a workload balancer in here. This is where we do our assignments. And this is where, so we have on each of the tasks, and I can show you the tasks actually after we assign them.  We have each task has a role assigned to it. So this is a designer task. This is a task and a PC task.  So we go through and we assign these various people. But we may not know who the designer is yet, but at this point, we can assign the project manager and also sign Brian.  Sign him to this role as well. The sign. And I'm so this question.

7:27 - Marcus Dallacqua
  I know we have a little bit of time, but when you do your assignments, if you assign something to the project, will they automatically be assigned to every single order that falls underneath that project?

7:38 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  They will be assigned to all the tasks that are on this project. And then the orders, when you say orders, you mean the orders in in her order entry.  Actually, I'm sorry.

7:54 - Marcus Dallacqua
  think I was confusing the two things because you correctly said that you have tasks. you're assigning tasks and I'm thinking about in our system we have order assignment and we're we're assigning roles and people to those roles inside of uh associate with orders not at the project level um but at this point you're assigning tasks which tells us in the project because we we basically are at the very beginning of the project we probably have you know design processes we need to get through and then when it gets to I need a proposal or I need a order to be placed then those things get assigned because we're team based so those get assigned based on who's my team and and they get assigned in a different way yeah this this makes a lot of sense to me and actually more sense to me than how some of the other dealers are doing it so I you guys are doing project management and yes uh yeah that's project yeah project um so in this particular case we've got these

9:00 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  to team members assigned, I'm going to change the status to designer pending. And then what happens is we have some, so let me just show you the tasks that were assigned first.  So we have a series of tasks and this comes in from the template. So all of our projects that have design and PM come in with the same template.  We have tasks, pre-design requirements, schematic, final design and technical designs. There's basically five phases or four phases to a design, kind of the beginning, middle and end of a design process.  We have tried to keep it super simple because no one wants to check off tasks, even if they are assigned to them.  There are dates associated with it when it comes in on the template and that's based on what we've determined what it takes to do.  a medium-sized project typically, but those get adjusted by our IPM or implementation project manager and the project team once they decide what the real schedule looks like.  But it comes in with schedule based on a medium-sized project. That's schedule start like today.

10:19 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  Like you entered it today, so it started today. Yeah, so it starts tomorrow.

10:26 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  It's meant to kick off right away. However, you can just change this data if it's not going to really kick off for another week.  Someone can go in here and change this date to whatever day it is, and then the clock doesn't start ticking.  But it's meant to start right away. So you'll see here over here in this assignments area, this is where we have the rules still assigned because I don't have a designer assigned yet.  But Ryan is our PM, and this happens to be a test that both the Brian and the team. them and the designer will work on and then just further down you'll see Brian will be assigned to this task and further down.  So they just have this list of tasks that they are assigned to. All of the tasks that you see that are not bold are required to be signed off or checked to um marked complete.  So we have statuses for tasks so in progress complete we also have not applicable so if for some reason on this project it's not applicable they could market that.  We also have dead project meaning once if this project goes dead we change all the tasks to dead project and then you know that they weren't touched or worked on and then we also have a um a status called reference only because we have reference tasks in here behind the scenes tell people um what they should be doing at each of these large milestones.  tasks. So for instance, I can change my view. So if you don't know, as a designer, what's included in all of my tasks and the things I have to do, we have these, we call them our reference tasks, they're actually blue, that gives them an idea of so under pre-design, they'll create programming.  So those are the tasks that they don't have to assign check-off. That's all under pre-design. So when they check this off, it means that they've done these things.  And we have different views in here to give an explanation about what these things are. Okay. Let me just turn them off.  So when a salesperson needs a designer, we have things called issues. And those are basically requests to other people or other departments or other groups to do something.  So, we go into the issue tab. There's none in here yet. You click on new issue, we have a whole long list of all the categories.  under design related, we have, they could request internal support internal. They can ask for a double check request, a markup, production support, they can request a design contract, or we can request it in voice submittal.  In this, in the standpoint that someone needs designer added to a project, they have to fill out a form and they have to request it.  They will attack, send it off to their studio lead. And then they will also have to fill in the form and say, what are your needs?  And then these pieces. is here. I'll come in from that original project form so that no one has to re-put that in all of those data fields that are in that form so it will populate once I hit save and then it will show up on Rebecca's dashboard showing that she needs to assign a designer for this project.  So I'll just hit submit and she'll so it will now show up in here as an open design request it's assigned to Rebecca and we will wait until she assigns a person to do that.

14:34 - Sandra Rudloff (Pivot Interiors)
  And also I'm going to get a notification and she has a dashboard that shows all of her open tasks and our open issues yeah.

14:44 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  So the other types of issues that we have in here we kind of quickly went through the design ones we can request to double check so this is when a designer has done their specification and they need another designer to double check it they will  Request a double check, they'll attach all their documents to it, and it'll get assigned to someone. We do some tracking against what errors are found and things so that we can collect data on the result of those double checks, and then be able to do some reporting on it.  That's what this markup log is. We also have production support request, and what this is, is it's a request for external production support.  So we have a group, Riverstone, that is an outside organization that we collaborate with inside of Workfront. So we fill out this request, and you can see here it's selected for production support.  Here are the requirements. We have to fill in all of the pieces of information that they may need, and then when we save that, it goes to that team outside of pivot.  have their own dashboards, they see their requests and they can send us information, we send them all the documents through Compass, they do the work and then they respond back and Compass, the documents and the folder we've given them to put it in.  So that's how we communicate back and forth with them. And it keeps it all nicely contained, it forces our designers to answer some questions and give them as complete of information as possible because they're not in the same time zone as we are.  So it's good to make sure we give them everything they need so they can be productive on their end.  The other types of issues that we have are pre-sale support, meaning if a sale person just needs some help with pricing or let's see what kind of choices we have budgets, ever can finish support, specifications, labor quotes, things like that, they can ask their sales coordinator for the  And again, they fill it out, they assign it to their sales coordinator and that sales coordinator then has that on their dashboard, they pick it up and then they do the work and trade information back and forth.  We also have proposals, so they have all kinds of different proposals. Typically everyone chooses standard unless they're doing DSA, we have special requirements if it's third party billing or direct sale with Miller Knoll.  We have a special one for design contracts because that's different. We also have temporary storage agreements. So if we are housing furniture because of a project delay, we have this contract agreement that we want to get created and send over to our customer.  This particular one will fill out a template for us based on the requirements because we have some integration. We have a tool called Fusion behind the scenes that...  We'll take all these fields, plug it into a Word document, save it as a PDF and drop it into Compass.  This informs for revisions of existing proposals. This is for a change order to a customer, and then this one is for a Build Back to a vendor.  So the reason that we have the different types is because there's different questions that have to be answered based on the different types of proposal that's going to happen.  So, you know, proposal revision, that's a super simple one because we've already got the proposal done. We just need to do something simple to change it.  So on a standard one, we might ask questions like, you know, what's included here? What are any notes you need?  Who's going to be assigned? Let me see. And depending on the answers here, let me see, yes. Certain other pieces will open up.  So if it's more complex, you have to answer more questions. If it's simpler, then you answer less questions. You can see here new description.  If it's a new customer, we have to make sure that, you know, we've gotten a credit application and other things if there's a description.  So it's just kind of all the things the sales coordinator needs to produce a proposal, but it's to make sure to that the sales person is handing off all the information that they need so that they're efficient in the work that they do.  You have other types, border entry, same kind of thing. It kind of follows the same criteria and it asks different questions.  Labor quotas, they're actually different forms, right?

19:55 - Marcus Dallacqua
  It's not one form is just totally different forms altogether. Yeah, because you

20:00 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  different questions that you answer for proposal versus a border entry. Yep. Labor quote.

20:09 - Marcus Dallacqua
  So this is our designers.

20:12 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  If they're on the project, they typically kick off the labor quote and assign it to our project manager, project manager reviews that then they send it over to our estimator.  So it's kind of a two step process. The estimator takes a look at it does the labor quote sends the information back to the project manager, project manager reviews it, they put in their costs, and then they close that is complete and present the costs out to the team.  So the labor quote is kind of a complex one because it it hands off, and then it kind of comes back and then it presents the final result.  Installation and service. This is scheduling requests. we send over all of our schedule request documents and it'll things like that over to people that  service ops and they transfer that information into IQ from the information we give them in compass. And so you can see here we have scheduled dates, work order details, quick updates, documents, submittals, changes that we need to make or an RTW request returned to warehouse.  So we just give them the flexibility to just request a schedule date, just send over work order details, just send it over documents, or do it all in one fail.  So it just depends on what the PM or project coordinator is doing at any given time. And we have teams.  So for labor courts, we send it over to our estimator pivot north or pivot south. For our work orders and things like this, we have a scheduler team, schedulers north, scheduler south.  So depending on how service ops is set up, that's the group of people that gets the notification of these new requests.  have a dashboard that shows their information based on what the project manager chooses. We also have a bunch of finance ones.  if we need a new vendor set up, if we need a deposit payment for a vendor, if we need to get a new customer set up, deposit invoice for customer, credit card link, discrepancies, invoice request, credit memos.  So all of these are on the project and typically SCs or PCs are the ones typically requesting these and then they send them over to either the AAP group or the AR group depending on who's responsible for fulfilling these.  Finance has their own dashboards, they see these coming in, they respond, the project coordinators and the sales coordinators and the sales people can see all of these issues as they're going through the processes as well.  We use a lot of data. from these to report on things. How long did it take for us to do credit memos?  did we, how many credit memos did we do? What was the cost of all those credit memos? What are the reasons for all those credit memos?  Discrepancy notices. How quickly are we getting our discrepancies resolved?

23:19 - Marcus Dallacqua
  Those kinds of things.

23:21 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  I think Sandy, you've got one for AP payments for sub-contractors in here too. So, so that's issues and a nutshell really, really fast.  I just want to show you kind of what it looks like in a real project. So this is a real project set in a Clara Valley Med, called Downtown Learning.  I'll show you the updates. We didn't really talk about that but it's got a communication area here where people communicate back and forth within this project, all of the content.  so they can attach an update to an issue, to a task, to a document, to just the project. Wherever they've attached that update, it falls here in this main update area.  You can search on them up here, so if you wanted to see something related to proposal or whatever it is, you can see they've started adding AI, so we have some AI options inside of the tool now too.  But this is really critical. We get notifications in the tool, but we also get notifications in email, and we also get notifications on our mobile app if we've decided to load the mobile app.  Here are the issues. So I'm just going to close these down here. You can see all the different types that have been created on here.  We've had some work orders. We've had some credit card links that have been submitted. We've had some punch orders been placed.  We had a couple discrepancies on this project. We've had some schedule dates requested, deposit payments for vendors. So all of those paper quotes done, a couple of versions of those, billbacks to vendors.  We did our production support, so this is where we've worked with Riverstone, that group. And they did a double check for us, but if we open this up, you'll see the details associated with it, the information that was handed over.  They did a kickoff meeting. This is when it happened. These are the things that they need help with. The updates back and forth on this issue between this team and the designers is here.  You can see there's quite a few of them. There's 24 back and forths, questions, answers, all the history on this particular issue.  So in the end, we can see kind of all the activity on a particular project that was closed these down.  Here was the additional design request. So there was a support for some training rooms. Another one down here another one here.  So throughout the life of project. So this, this particular project has kind of a wide gamut of requests that have been sent off to various team members.  We do track hours inside of Compass as well. So we can track them on issues tasks or just on the project level.  And we track hours for both the designers and the PM's. So if you look in here. And we have this tab down here that shows.  how many hours the project manager and the IPM have worked, how many the designer has worked. So we can see all of that.  We have some reports, some budget versus actual reports they can see. What else we've got? It's here.

27:20 - Sandra Rudloff (Pivot Interiors)
  I have to down top. I have a hard topic too, but I just want to mention how Barb Mochler mentioned all the subs and you can see from here, know, we have sub-contracted design, obviously we'll have installation.  So I mean, that's just, you know, another side of things when you're, when you are dealing with sub-contractors, how to get them to the info.  And this is really, I wish it was complete, but it really has cut down on the amount of emails and miscommunication because it is in one place.  People can go and look at the history. it's been a huge and if someone leaves the company, we're not wondering, oh my gosh, we're, what's going on?  It's all here, which has been probably the biggest benefit of compass, I think, is just knowing where to pick something up of someone or someone goes on quick medical leave.  It's still all right here and not in arenas. Yeah, I do have to jump off.

28:15 - Marcus Dallacqua
  So I'll let you guys continue on if you want to.

28:17 - Sandra Rudloff (Pivot Interiors)
  But thanks for taking a look at this. And I'm sure we can answer questions if you happen. Sure. Yeah, thanks.

28:25 - Marcus Dallacqua
  Chris and I actually have another meeting that we have to jump to in a couple of minutes, maybe just a couple of questions, Sherry.  By the way, is it warms my heart to do this because this is how we typically think of project management.  And when we came with our vision for furniture. We didn't have any dealers that were doing it this way, really.  They don't really think of it so much from a project standpoint is more from an order standpoint. the project is so much secondary where we think of things more project first.  And then the order. kind of summed up on the project. So we can see that that's more of your perspective as well.  we have a project navigator tool that we've built out that has many of these similar things. Our system is a little bit different.  We have requests and issues separated. But there's a number of things here that I really like what you guys have done.  And thinking forward, definitely NetSuite and what we've built with Orion has tools that are similar. So you'll have the option at some point, either integrate what you've already built or to maybe look to see if there's something that we can do inside Orion that's comparable.  I think your philosophy is very much in line with how we think about project management, which is really encouraging to see.  And I hope other viewers adopt it. We're all about visibility and reporting too.

29:58 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  So we want to be able to collect stuff along the We can easily throw this, I mean, all of our OKRs that our PMs and our designers and our PCs and our SCs all are tracking based on the work that they do encompass and we have dashboards of all of that.  There's a lot more than just a project. We track all of our vendors in here and who the reps are for them.  We do our demo requests, warranty requests and all kinds of crazy things in here because it has a lot of flexibility.  We put all our documents in here too. know that we're not looking at doing using Orion for document storage but at least that's what I've heard but we house all our documents in here as well for the projects.  The final documents I should say or almost final.

30:48 - Marcus Dallacqua
  So Chris, do you have any questions?

30:52 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  I was just going to ask from a high level perspective.

30:55 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  When you guys first started work front, they just say here's

31:00 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  blank templates and you guys have refined those like dependent lists and yeah you so yeah they just give you a platform on yeah a platform on which to create a template you go in say exactly what you want the template back fill in all of your timelines all that stuff so yeah so we had to figure how the process was right and we had to figure out for each size of template like how much time we thought how much effort because we have we have duration and we have hours here too so yeah planned hours so but that all has to be quick you know based on the reality of the the project yeah one thing I did want to show you before you guys jump off is that we do bring in all of our d365 information in here so this is a report that brings in all of our internal lines design pm and service ops cost and sell and then we've got our orders here so currently you know this is  Our status report looks like coming out of Crystal, but we have an integration with D365. So this shows us the POs, who the where the acts, ship dates, all that kind of stuff.  And it's updated, I don't know, six times a day or so with our fusion tool. We have lots of different integrations that we do have spot and plan grid and things like that to bring information in here.  You kind of scrolled.

32:31 - Marcus Dallacqua
  Oh, I was just going to say, you kind of scrolled past some of those bar charts.

32:35 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  What are the critical metrics that you guys have brought to that level? This, this stuff is.

32:43 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  Yeah, this, but you know what, I will tell you, everyone hates tasks. They will do issues, issues every day all day.  as you call it a task, they don't want to do it. They don't want to track it. They don't want to update it.  They don't want to look at it. Everyone complains about tasks. They don't complain about issues. But interesting psychological game.

33:09 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  Yeah, a little bit.

33:11 - Marcus Dallacqua
  I don't know. Yeah. I guess the last question is do you have how many tasks are associated with the project the standard project.

33:23 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  There's about, yeah, so rough, there's about five designers and there's about eight for project managers. And then we have this set of, and then, so these two tasks come in any time and order is placed.  when we kick off, let's say, an order entry issue, then this task comes in because we want the project coordinators safe.  This is when I did it. And this is the sales order. It's referenced. And then that creates integration between day 365 and front.  and uses it to transfer information. We don't push to D365, we only receive from them. Okay. So if we have 100 orders, then the PCs will have 100 borders, know, 100 tasks associated with that.  And then we do have a few tasks at the bottom for the IPM that we're debating whether or not it's mostly to force them to check in with the team to see how the project is progressing.  They don't always check them off. We're trying to evaluate whether they ask for them, but they never check them off.  So they just check them off all with the end of the project. All the tasks and all the issues have to be complete before they can mark the project.  Right.

34:44 - Marcus Dallacqua
  So I'm just wondering for the purpose of the our future demo that we'll do in Orion is and I understand you probably have to ask permission for this.  But if it's possible for us to get a list of these tasks with the the titles and the order and the  but the other data that's associated with the duration planned hours, whatever dependencies and things like that. That would help us as we're prepping for a future demo for Orion for Pivot.  So if it's possible, that's easy, that would be great. If not, that's okay. We've seen enough here and I know this is recording, so we could probably recreate some of this.  I can export it into Excel.

35:24 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  It's all of it's exportable.

35:27 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  Yeah, that'd be great.

35:28 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  It's that we don't want to do just what we're doing. Like, we want to be better.

35:36 - Marcus Dallacqua
  We want to be more efficient.

35:38 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  So if there's a way to not have tasks and still have a schedule that's, because this, the task is what defines the schedule.  Because, you know, the way to the end, there's dates and stuff. But I will tell you, no one wants to know what I want to call them to do.

35:59 - Marcus Dallacqua
  We'll call them. do's.

36:01 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  Yeah, that's what we call to do.

36:03 - Marcus Dallacqua
  Yeah, that's how I appreciate you sharing that depth piece of information with me as well. So it would still be good for us to see the tasks.  But I also hear what you're saying if there's another way to drive the work and the productivity and the reporting that you guys are open to think about that too.  And that's that that would be a good conversation to have.

36:24 - Sherri Nuzum (Pivot Interiors)
  Yeah, the issues are really important because those are based on that custom information that we require to hand a piece of work off to someone or them to receive information.  So that's, that's where the issues are almost the most important piece in here. Because if you can't hand off something, then there's just all this back and forth.  There's also the communication piece inside the tool, like making sure that information is contained and easy to break. friends and find.  I know we haven't talked about documents but we do have document folder structure in here and and you know we have a naming convention that certain groups wish everybody else would actually follow you.  So yeah. Sherri I'm sorry I don't mean to cut you off I just I know that's okay because I have another appointment to run to but this has been really helpful.

37:26 - Marcus Dallacqua
  Thank you very much. You are able to send the project tests along that would be great and then yeah we look forward to having our next conversation with you.  Okay sounds good. Awesome. Thank you Sherri.

37:37 - Chris Trumble (SuiteCentric)
  All right. Thanks.

37:53 - Marcus Dallacqua
  Appreciate